DOCS-3949 - CSM (#15509)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/cloud_security_management/_index.md

---
title: Cloud Security Management
kind: documentation
further_reading:
  - link: "https://app.datadoghq.com/release-notes?category=Security%20%26%20Compliance"
    tag: "Release Notes"
    text: "See What's New in Datadog Security Compliance"
  - link: "/security_platform/cspm/getting_started"
    tag: "Documentation"
    text: "Start tracking misconfigurations with Cloud Security Posture Management"
  - link: "/security_platform/cloud_workload_security/getting_started"
    tag: "Documentation"
    text: "Uncover kernel-level threats with Cloud Workload Security"
  - link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/cyber-attack-simulation-with-stratus-red-team/"
    tag: "Blog"
    text: "Elevate AWS threat detection with Stratus Red Team"
  - link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/kubernetes-security-best-practices/"
    tag: "Blog"
    text: "Best practices for securing Kubernetes applications"
---

## Overview

> Datadog Cloud Security Management delivers real time threat detection and continuous configuration audits across your entire cloud infrastructure - in a unified view for seamless collaboration and faster remediation.  Powered by observability data, security teams can determine the impact of a threat quickly by tracing the full attack flow and easily identify the resource owner where a vulnerability was triggered.  Engineers are equipped to actively monitor their security risks by incorporating security metrics into their existing workflow.

Reviewer: I would say in general, if I compare this with the intro of APM or Log Management in the doc, this feels very weak. It's unclear what capabilities I can expect from the product, until I read the description of CSPM and CWS separately.

> Datadog Cloud Security Management delivers real time threat detection and continuous configuration audits across your entire cloud infrastructure - in a unified view for seamless collaboration and faster remediation.  Powered by observability data, security teams can determine the impact of a threat quickly by tracing the full attack flow and easily identify the resource owner where a vulnerability was triggered.  Engineers are equipped to actively monitor their security risks by incorporating security metrics into their existing workflow.

Reviewer 2: @hdelaby this is copy we took straight from PMM and the investor day presentations, it is not new. I wanted to keep the description consistent with our public announcements

> Datadog Cloud Security Management delivers real time threat detection and continuous configuration audits across your entire cloud infrastructure - in a unified view for seamless collaboration and faster remediation.  Powered by observability data, security teams can determine the impact of a threat quickly by tracing the full attack flow and easily identify the resource owner where a vulnerability was triggered.  Engineers are equipped to actively monitor their security risks by incorporating security metrics into their existing workflow.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Datadog Cloud Security Management delivers real-time threat detection and continuous configuration audits across your entire cloud infrastructure - in a unified view for seamless collaboration and faster remediation.  Powered by observability data, security teams can determine the impact of a threat quickly by tracing the full attack flow and identify the resource owner where a vulnerability was triggered. Engineers are able to actively monitor their security risks by incorporating security metrics into their existing workflow.
```

Cloud Security Management includes [Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM)](#cloud-security-posture-management), and [Cloud Workload Security (CWS)](#cloud-workload-security).

> {{< img src="security_platform/csm_overview.png" alt="Cloud Security Management in Datadog" width="100%">}}

Reviewer 2: Yes! @kayayarai here is a new screenshot: https://a.cl.ly/P8u72dml

> {{< img src="security_platform/csm_overview.png" alt="Cloud Security Management in Datadog" width="100%">}}

Reviewer 2: Scratch that, sorry @kayayarai lets use this one instead please: https://a.cl.ly/P8u72d56

> {{< img src="security_platform/csm_overview.png" alt="Cloud Security Management in Datadog" width="100%">}}

Reviewer 2: Yes, here it is: https://a.cl.ly/7KukzJEE

## Cloud Security Posture Management

[Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM)][1] tracks the security hygiene and compliance posture of your production environment, can automate audit evidence collection, and catch misconfigurations that leave your organization vulnerable to attacks. See security posture scores across your infrastructure and trace each score back to the applicable benchmark or framework criteria.

{{< img src="security_platform/cspm_overview.png" alt="Cloud Security Posture Management scores in Datadog" width="100%">}}

## Cloud Workload Security

[Cloud Workload Security (CWS)][2] monitors file and process activity across your environment to detect threats to your infrastructure, like AWS EC2 instances, and workloads, like Kubernetes clusters, in real time at the kernel level. Cloud Workload Security uses the unified Datadog Agent, so if you're already using Datadog to monitor your environment, there's no need to provision additional resources.

{{< img src="security_platform/cws_overview.png" alt="Cloud Workload Security coverage views in Datadog" width="100%">}}

> To get started with Datadog Security, navigate to the [Setup & Configuration][3] section in the Datadog app, which has detailed information for single or multi-configuration, or follow the getting started sections below to learn more about each area of the platform.

Reviewer 3: This is the end of the file, there's no getting started sections to see below...?
```suggestion
To get started with Datadog Security, navigate to the [Setup & Configuration][3] section in Datadog, which has detailed information for single or multi-configuration, or follow the getting started sections to learn more about each area of the platform.
```
